Stanage RAM corrections. (#1751)
rcgsheffield/sheffield_hpc: referenceinfo/imports/scheduler/memory_allocation_limits_table_import.rst

     - Submission Argument

   * - SLURM (Stanage)
     - 251 GB

>      - 1TB 

Reviewer: 1007GB and 2014GB

Author: I somehow completely blanked these new columns. Amending. In the next PR.

     - 2 GB / 64 GB
     - 2 GB / 64 GB (SMP) ~6144 GB (MPI)
     - **Per core basis** ``-l rmem=<nn>``

..
   The interactive job max RAM and batch job SMP values are both derived from a normal compute node's total RAM.

   The total MPI memory available above is derived from the total CPU nodes multiplied by the standard node RAM + Large RAM nodes * Large RAM amount and so on. 
   GPU nodes excluded as these should not be contiguously available.

>    Values for Stanage are not their total available RAM on the node as a result of Alces configuration for SLURM differing / the node requiring reserved memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Note that on Stanage the amount of memory available for Slurm jobs is not a neat multiple of two; this is because Slurm has been configured to not make less memory than the total amount of RAM per node available to jobs so as to ring-fence some memory for use by the operating system.
```
